java c
INMR77 
Business   Intelligence and   Data   Mining 
1. The Case 
Opportunities and Challenges of Sharing Economy: Airbnband InsideAirbnb 
Airbnb - Holiday Lets, Homes, Experiences  Places 
Airbnb (Airbnb.co.uk) is an online marketplace   for arranging or offering short-term rental/lodging i.e. temporary accommodation, primarily homestays, or tourism experiences.   It   was   founded   in   August   2008   by   Brain   Chesky   and   friends,   and   it   currently   has 6,300 employees   as   in   2021. Airbnb went   public with   a valuation of over   $100   billion   on   December   10,   2020,   making   it   one   of   the   largest   IPOs   (Initial   Public   Offerings)   of   2020.      It   is   reported   that   Airbnb   capital   market   was    more    than    the    top    three    largest    hotel    chains    (Marriott,    Hilton,      and      Intercontinental)   combined. Though some are calling over evaluation, the company lacks traditional mortgages,   employee    fees,    and    maintenance    fees      which      burden      hotels.      Airbnb      hosts      pay      their      own   mortgage and clean their apartments,   leaving the   company   much freer   of   debt,   thus   making   it   far   more valuable.
Airbnb service overview 
Airbnb provides a platform for   hosts   to   accommodate   guests   with short-term lodging and tourism-related activities.   Guest   can   search for   accommodation   using filters   such   as   location,   price,    specific    types    of    home.    Before    booking,      users      must      provide      personal      and      payment   information.    Some       hosts    also       require    a      scan      of      government-issues       identification      before   accepting   a   reservation.   Hosts   provide   prices   and   other   details   for   their   rental   or   listing   e.g.   number of guests   included   in the   price, type of   property, type of   room,   number   of   bathrooms,   number   of   bedrooms,   number   of   beds   and type   of   bed,   and   minimum   number   of   nights   for   a   reservation, and amenities.In   addition, Airbnb   provides a guest review system where   hosts   and   guests   can   leave   reviews   about    their    experience,    and    rate    each      other      after    a      stay.      However,      the   truthfulness      and   impartiality      of      reviews      may      be      adversely      affected      by      concerns    of    future       stays       because   prospective   hosts   may   refuse   to   host   a   user   who   generally   leaves   negative   reviews.   Besides,   the   company's   policy   requires   users   to   forego   anonymity,   which   may   also   detract   from   users'   willingness to   leave   negative   reviews.
Criticism of Airbnb Airbnb   has   attracted   criticism for   increasing   housing/residential   rental   prices   in   cities where   it   operates   and   creating   nuisances   and security   issues etc for those   living   near   leased   properties   and   has   negatively   affects the   quality of   life   in   residential   areas, and   housing   crisis   around   city   in the   UK,   USA and   Europe. The company   has attracted regulatory attention from cities such   as   San   Francisco,   New York City,   and the   European   Union   over the   past   number years.   It   has   also   faced challenges from the   hotel   industry and other, similar   companies.Airbnb   has   made   a   quarter   (25%)   of   its   global   workforce   redundant   in   2020   due to   the   global   pandemic.   But   the   news   was   welcome   by   some   campaigners   who   were   fighting   for   soaring   rents   in cities with   large   number of Airbnb   hosts. The   number of longer-term rental properties (i.e.    residential as    opposed    to short-term/holiday lets) in    central    Dublin    was    up      71%      on   comparable   period   last year, as landlords abandoned short-term lets through Airbnb. 
Inside Airbnb – Adding Data to the Debate (insideairbnb.com) Inside Airbnb (insideairbnb.com)   is   an   independent,   non-commercial   set   of   tools   and   data   that   allows   individual   to   explore   how   Airbnb   is   really   used   in cities around the world.   It was set   up   by   Murray   Cox   and   John   Morries   in 2016.
Airbnb claims to   be   part of the “sharing economy” and   disrupting thehotel   industry   by offering short-term rental/lodging.   However, data shows that   most Airbnb   listings   in   most cities are entire homes, many of which are rented all year round (i.e. illegal listings)– disrupting   housing and communities.
Most   recently,   New York City’s   plans to crackdown on   illegal   listings which   could   remove   as   many as   10,000 Airbnb   listing   is sparking fierce debates   about   housing,   hotels, the   tourist
market and   residents’   rights.By    analysing      publicly    available      information      about      a      city’s      Airbnb’s      listings,       Inside    Airbnb   provides filters and   key   metrics so   users can see   how Airbnb   is   being   used to compete with the   residential   housing   market.   With Inside Airbnb,   user   can   ask   fundamental   questions   about   Ainbnb   in any   neighbourhood, or across the city   as   a   whole,   such   as:
•          how   many   listings are   in   my   neighbourhood   and   where   are   they?
•          how   many   houses and   apartments   are   being   rented   out   frequently   to tourists   and   not   to   long-term   residents?
•          how    much    are      hosts      making    from      renting    to    tourists    (compare    that    to    long-term   residential   rentals)?
•          which   host are   likely   running a   business   with   a   multiple   listings   and   where   are   they?These   questions   (and   the   answers)   get   to   the   core   of   the   debate   for   many   cities   around   the   world,   with Airbnb claiming that their hosts only occasionally rent the homes in which they live.   In addition,   many cities or state   legislation or ordinances that   address   residential   housing,   short term or vacation   rentals, and zoning   usually   make   reference to   allowed   use,   including:
•            how   many   nights   a dwelling   is   rented   per year
•            minimum   nights stay
•            whether the   host   is   present
•            how   many   rooms are   being   rented   in a   building
•          the   number of   occupants   allowed   in   a   rental
•          whether   the   listing   is   licensedInside Airbnb is a mission driven project that provides data and advocacy about Airbnb's impact   on   residential   communities   with   a   vision   where   communities   are   empowered   with   data   and   information to understand, decide and control the role of renting residential homes to tourists.   The      Inside    Airbnb    tool    or      data      can       be      used    to      answer      some      of    these      questions.      Some   understanding   of   how   the   Airbnb   platform   is   being   used   will   help   clear   up   the   laws   as   they   change.
2.       Coursework requirements 
The sharing economy   has   brought opportunities and   challenges to   homeowners,   society, residents, communities and governments. One of the biggest issues with Airbnb is whether hosts are sharing the primary residence in which they live "occasionally" (i.e. genuine short- term rentals) or are renting out residential properties permanen代 写INMR77 Business Intelligence and Data Mining 2025R
代做程序编程语言tly as hotels. 
Airbnb could easily answer this question   but   instead   it   is   up   to   us   to   shape   our   communities   and solve our   urgent   need to   house tourists,   housing shortage/crisis, and to   address   the nuisances, security and safety   issues etc for those   living   near   leased   properties   by   Airbnb.In this assignment, you are   required to carryout   data   mining tasks using data of Airbnb listings of London, UK, from InsideAirbnb, and   report your findings as a   result   your   data   mining/analysis.
2.1 The DATA 
The data   is available to download from   InsideAirbnb (http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data) as shown   in   Figure   1   below. A copy of the   data, for the   purpose   of   this   assignment,   is   also provided and available to download on   the   blackboard.
http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data (Search for   London)

Figure   1:   London   Data compiled   by   InsideAirbnbason 6 September 2024
As shown   in   Figure   1:
1) Listings.csv.gz contains detailed listing data of London. The   data   was   compiled
on   6 September 2024.   Each   row of the data   represents   a   single   listing   and contains   information about the   host of the   property, the   property’s characteristics and overall   rating of the   property and   its features   by   guests. There   are 96,182   listings and 60+ variables   in the   data set.   Listing   can   be   deleted   in   the         Airbnb   platform. The data   presented   is a snapshot of   listings   available   at   a particular of time as on   and   up to   6   September   2024.
2) Reviews.csv.gz contains the detailed reviews data for each listing.   The   data   was   used for a   number of derived variables   in the   detailed   listing   data   e.g.
number_of_reviews,   number_of_review_ltm, first_review,   last_review, and   reviews_per_months.
3) Calender.csv.gz contains detailed calendar data   i.e. the   availability   calendar   for
365   days   in the future for each   listing.   In addition
4) A data dictionary – can   be   viewed   and   downloaded   from
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iWCNJcSutYqpULSQHlNyGInUvHg2Bo UGoNRIGa6Szc4/edit#gid=1322284596 
2.2. Your tasks 
You are   required to   use the detailed listing data (listings.xslx) to find   meaningful   pattens   and   rules of whether   hosts   London are   renting out   residential   properties as   hotels/business   or genuinely sharing the   primary   residence   in which the   live “occasionally”   .You are expected to   conduct   literature search for the   problem   domain,   and   conduct   data         exploration, data   preparation, and   model   building   using   relevant   methods and techniques   introduced during the   module.
2.2 What to deliver 
You are   required to   produce a report of 20 pages of A4 OR 5,000 words (+/- 10%),   including   tables and diagrams   but excluding   references and   appendices.   An   appendix   can   be   used   to            include support   materials to   backup   main   body   points where   necessary. You are also required to submit the supplementary materials of your work using SAS Enterprise Miner and/or other files/evidences on   blackboard   by the specified deadline. 
The   total   of   100   marks   will   be   allocated   to   the   following   aspects   of   the   report,   which   should   also   be   used as a guideline to   structure the   report.
1.          Introduction – Background and Data Mining goal (15%) 
Critically discuss with examples of   problem   and   issues   of Airbnb   in the   context   of   sharing   economy, and a clear statement   of the   data   mining goal.   Use   literature   to   support   your            statements.
2.          Data Understanding (15%) In this section, you are expected to   conduct exploratory   data   analysis   e.g.   summaries   statistics   and   data   visualisation,   using   suitable   techniques   and   methods   and   report   your   key   findings,   including variables and   measurement   identified for your subsequent data   preparation   tasks.
3.          Data Preparation (15%) 
In   this   section,   you   are   expected   to   take   the   variables    identified    in   the    previous    step    and   prepare them for your   model   building. This should   include:
a)          data cleaning e.g.   missing   data   handling
b)         data transformation e.g. creating   new derive variables
c)          data   reduction   (e.g. correlation   analysis)
You are expected to justify the approaches taken   backup   by   relevant   literature/sources.   Make   sure to   include figures and   tables   (screenshot) to support your analyses   and   findings.
4.          Cluster Analysis and Results Interpretation (15%) 
In this section, you are expected to   conduct   cluster   analysis   i.e.   identifying clusters/segments   of   listings   based a combination set of variables   e.g.   host’s   characteristic,   listings/property’s
characteristics and availability, and   reviews from guests   etc. This   should   include,
a)          list of variables   and clustering techniques   used with   reasoning for your   cluster   analysis
b)         result   interpretations and comments on the characteristics   of the   clusters/segments   obtained.
Make sure to   include figures and tables   (screenshots) to   support your findings   and   analysis.   Supplement   materials can   be   provided at the appendix section.
5.          Classification Model Building and Model Evaluation (15%) In this   section, you   are   expected to   build   a   classification   model   based   on the   results   obtained   from    your      cluster       analysis.      Since    this       information    would       be       most      likely    to       be      used      to   differentiate    those    listings/hosts      that      are       likely    to       be renting    out    residential properties permanently as hotels, it would be more meaningful to select   segment/cluster(s) i.e. the target   variable that would   likely   be defined as such or viceversa   in   your   classification   model.
You should:
a)          Conduct further data   preparation and justify the variables   used for your   model   building.
b)          Model   building and   model evaluation – classification   methods   used and   provide your   reasoning.
Make sure to   include figures and tables   (screenshots) to support   your   model   buildings,   analyses and findings. Supplement   materials can   be   provided at the   appendix   section.
6.          Conclusion, critical reflection, and suggestion for improvements (15 marks) 
In this section, you should conclude the outcomes   of your   findings   in   relation to   the   data mining goal.   Reflect your   learning and discuss the   limitations of your   data   mining   process,   this   might   include the assessment of the suitability of   data   and variables,   methods   and   techniques   used, assumptions   made, and   provide suggestion for   model   improvements.
In addition, there are 10 marks allocated to the structure (clarity   of   organisation   and structure - addresses all components of   the   assignment   brief   with   appropriate   weighting across each component,   logical structure to the overall   argument that   is   easy   to   follow), and presentation (e.g. effective   use of tables and   diagrams,   proper   use   of   citation   and   referencing   in an Author-Year e.g.,   Harvard, APA format,   length/page   limit). 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
